# LineageOS 18 (Android-11) How to install SM-J8
 /*  * Your warranty is no longer valid.(or it isn't ? who am I to judge)  *  * I am not responsible for bricked devices, dead SD cards, broken touchscreens,  * thermonuclear war, or you getting fired because the alarm app failed. Please  * do some research if you have any concerns about features included in this package  * before flashing it! YOU are choosing to make these modifications, and if  * you point the finger at me for messing up your device, I will laugh at you.  *  LineageOS 18 How to install SM-J8 ~vks DISCLAIMAR: It is a gsi and not a ROM. I am not responsible for anything , proceed at your own risk , All files are properties of their respective owner.  What works (TESTED ON SM-J810G) -Calls , SMS -Data (Enable LTE in data setting , default edge) -Fingerprint -Both Camera and Flash -Audio -Screen Mirroring -Basically everything  What dosen't work -No bugs , Everything works , stable too.  IMPORTANT:You will need an android10 stock vendor.  The incuded .zip contains -Odin3 -Odin Flashable TWRP , By @goldfish07 (Telegram grpoup = https://t.me/galaxyj8 ) -Nik-gapps-pico-arm64-11.zip (Propietary)(yes it is arm64 , and yes it is not gapps) -Lineage-18.iso (Non compressed/zipped iso) -Device-ID.apk  Unzip the container file , and copy all these to sd card or an otg pendrive(recomended) , PC MTP Dosent work in recovery. Procedure. 1. Flash TWRP with ODIN (Lookup for procedure , and install drivers) 2. Boot into Custom Recovery 3. Wipe > Format_Data > Type yes (Swipe to reset dosen't work, data backup- -would be a good idea) 4.Navigate to your copied files , select Flash image > Lineage-18.img , Flash in system. 5.Go to wipe (after flash), Advanced wipe > System > Repair or change File System >- -Resize File System (This Prevents Error70 Insufficient Space in Gapps) 6.Flash NikGapps (select Flah from Zip) , If flash shows Error70 , Repeat From Step 3.  7.Reboot Enjoy  IMPORTANT:-  How to Fix the “Device is not Certified by Google” Error  [Your device will still say it is uncertified in the Google Play Store settings. This is normal. All this fix does is white-list your uncertified device so you can still use Google apps and services.]  Steps.  Install the Device+ID.apk (Included)  Open the app , Tap the Google Service Framework (GSF)  Copy it  Go to this website- Sign in - Google Accounts  Sign-in  Paste/Copy GSF code in the box  Complete captcha (sorry dosen't work for robots)  Register (The box goes red , it's totally fine)  Reboot  After a few mins you should be able to sign in  (Don't worry , it will keep saying that not certified but after a while it will let you sign in, and turn off notification for play protect to remove annoying notification)  For more info- www.xda-developers.com How to Fix the "Device is not Certified by Google" Error Are you having trouble with signing in to your Google account? Can't access the Google Play Store or use Google apps like Gmail, Maps, Play Music, or Photos? Seeing a "device is not certified by Google" error? Here's how to fix that. www.xda-developers.com   Fixed: 1.Gapps Flash Error70 No space 2.Device Is not certified error  Notice: 1.Maps keep closing , Though maps-go , waze work fine.(Probably a google issue) 2.Bootanimation can be changed 3.Play Services can be broken   IMPORTANT For some reason the files were not attached here but instead to this forum.xda-developers.com AOSP-11 How to install SM-J8 /* * Your warranty is no longer valid.(or it isn't ? who am I to judge) * * I am not responsible for bricked devices, dead SD cards, broken touchscreens, * thermonuclear war, or you getting fired because the alarm app failed. Please * do...  forum.xda-developers.com forum.xda-developers.com  Check here for files   @vanshksingh   t.me SAMSUNG J8/On8 OFFICIAL Da Rules : 1. English and Hindi Only 2. Offtopic = a lil bit. 3. ETA = allowed 4. Respect All Admins 5. Reviewers always allowed. t.me   use latest nikgapps from https://sourceforge.net/projects/nikgapps/files/Releases/NikGapps-R/ to resolve play services bug , and / or other bugs
